# Wrong call order for setTopPoolIdsWithWeights, resulting in wrong distribution of rewards
## Summary
Per the Sherlock rules:

If the protocol team provides specific information in the README or CODE COMMENTS, that information stands above all judging rules.

The Masterchef contract allows people to stake an admin-selected token in farms to earn LUM rewards. Each two weeks, MLUM stakers can vote on their favorite pools, and the top pools will earn LUM emissions according to the votes. Admin has to call setTopPoolIdsWithWeights to set those votes and weights to set the reward emission for the next two weeks.

Per the documented call order for setTopPoolIdsWithWeights:
```solidity
/**
* @dev Set farm pools with their weight;
*
* WARNING:
* Caller is responsible to updateAll oldPids on masterChef before using this function
* and also call updateAll for the new pids after.
*
* @param pids - list of pids
* @param weights - list of weights
*/
```
We show that this call order is wrong, and will result in wrong rewards distribution.

## Vulnerability Detail
There is a global parameter lumPerSecond, set by the admin. Whenever updateAll is called for a set of pools:

Let the total weight of all votes across all top pools be totalWeight
Let the current weight of a pool Pid be weightPid. This weight can be set by the admin using setTopPoolIdsWithWeights
Pool Pid will earn totalLumRewardForPid = (lumPerSecond * weightPid / totalWeight) * (elapsed_time), i.e. each second it earns lumPerSecond times its percentage of voted weight weightPid across the total weight all top pools totalWeight.
https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2024-06-magicsea/blob/main/magicsea-staking/src/MasterchefV2.sol#L522-L525

Now, the function updateAll does the following:

For each pool, fetch its weight and calculate its totalLumRewardForPid since last update
Mint that calculated amount of LUM
updateAccDebtPerShare i.e. distribute rewards since the last updated time
https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2024-06-magicsea/blob/main/magicsea-staking/src/MasterchefV2.sol#L526-L528

Per the code comments, the admin is responsible for calling updateAll() on the old pools before calling setTopPoolIdsWithWeights() for the new pools, and then calling updateAll() on the new pools.

We claim that, using this call order, a pool will be wrongly updated if it's within the set newPid but not in oldPid, and the functions are called with this order. Take this example.

## PoC
Let LUM per second = 1. We assume all farms were created and registered at time 0:

At time 1000: there are two pools, A and B making it into the top pools. Weight = 1 both.
updateAll for oldPid. There are no old Pids
setTopPoolIdsWithWeights: Pool A and pool B now have weight = 1.
updateAll for newPid (A and B). 1000 seconds passed, each pool accrued 500 LUM for having 50% weight despite just making it into the top weighted pools
At time 2000: a new pool C makes it into the pool, while pool B is no longer in the top. Weight = 1 both.
updateAll for oldPid (A and B).
For pool A, 1000 seconds passed. It earns 500 LUM
For pool B, 1000 seconds passed. It earns 500 LUM
setTopPoolIdsWithWeights: Pool A and pool C now have weight = 1.
updateAll for newPid (A and C).
For pool A, 0 seconds passed. It earns 0 LUM
For pool C, 2000 seconds passed. It earns 1000 LUM
The end result is that, at time 2000:

Pool A accrued 1000 LUM
Pool B accrued 1000 LUM
Pool C accrued 1000 LUM
Where the correct result should be:

Pool A accrued 500 LUM, it was in the top pools in time 1000 to 2000
Pool B accrued 500 LUM, it was in the top pools in time 1000 to 2000
Pool C accrued 0 LUM, it only started being in the top pools from timestamp 2000
In total, 3000 LUM has been distributed from timestamps 1000 to 2000, despite the emission rate should be 1 LUM per second. In fact, LUM has been wrongly distributed since timestamp 1000, as both pool A and B never made it into the top pools but still immediately accrued 500 LUM each.

This is because if a pool is included in an updateAll call after its weight has been set, its last updated timestamp is still in the past. Therefore when updateAll is called, the new weights are applied across the entire interval since it was last updated (i.e. a far point in the past).

## Impact
Pools that have just made it into the top pools will have already accrued rewards for time intervals it wasn't in the top pools. Rewards are thus severely inflated.

## Code Snippet
https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2024-06-magicsea/blob/main/magicsea-staking/src/Voter.sol#L250-L260

## Tool used
Manual Review

## Recommendation
All of the pools (oldPids and newPids) should be updated, only then weights should be applied.

In other words, the correct call order should be:

* updateAll should be called for all pools within oldPid or newPid.
* setTopPoolIdsWithWeights should then be called.

Additionally, we think it might be better that setTopPoolIdsWithWeights itself should just call updateAll for all (old and new) pools before updating the pool weights, or at least validate that their last updated timestamp is sufficiently fresh.