# DOS of proposals by abusing ballot names without important parameters
## Impact
An adversary can prevent legit proposals from being created by using the same ballot name.

Proposals with the same name can't be created, leading to a DOS for some days until the voting phase ends. This can be done repeatedly, after finalizing the previous malicious proposal and creating a new one.

Impacts for each proposal function:

proposeSendSALT(): DOS of all proposals
proposeSetContractAddress(): DOS of specific contract setting by proposing a malicious address
proposeCallContract(): DOS of specific contract call by providing a wrong number
proposeTokenWhitelisting(): DOS of token whitelisting by providing a fake tokenIconURL
All: Prevent the creation of any legit proposal, by providing a fake/malicious description to discourage positive voting
Note: This Impact fits into the Attack Ideas: "Any issue that would prevent the DAO from functioning correctly."

## Proof of Concept
This test for proposeSendSALT() already shows how a new proposal can't be created when there is an existing one. An adversary can exploit that as explained on the Vulnerability Details section. That test could be extended to all the other mentioned functions with their corresponding impacts.

## Lines of code
https://github.com/code-423n4/2024-01-salty/blob/53516c2cdfdfacb662cdea6417c52f23c94d5b5b/src/dao/Proposals.sol#L101-L102
https://github.com/code-423n4/2024-01-salty/blob/53516c2cdfdfacb662cdea6417c52f23c94d5b5b/src/dao/Proposals.sol#L196

## Tool used
Manual Review

## Recommended Mitigation Steps
In order to prevent the DOS, ballot names (or some new id variable) should include ALL the attributes of the proposal: ballotType, address1, number1, string1, and string2. Strings could be hashed, and the whole pack could be hashed as well.

So, if an adversary creates the proposal, it would look exactly the same as the legit one.

In the particular case of proposeSendSALT(), strictly preventing simultaneous proposals as they are right now will lead to the explained DOS. Some other mechanism should be implemented to mitigate risks. One way could be to set a long enough cooldown for each user, so that they can't repeatedly send these type of proposals (take into account unstake time).