# In the sales of decreaing price, token price may jump to the initial high price at the end time of the sale.
## Impact
The buyers who buy tokens at the end of the sale may not buy or buy tokens at unexpected high prices.

## Proof of Concept
If salesOption==2, the selling price of token decreases linearly or exponentially with time.
In the decreaing price sale, the buyer will want to buy a token at the end of the sales period to buy token as cheaply as possible if tokens have no fear of being sold all before the deadline.
However, by the following code in the MinterContract.sol#getPrice function, the price of token will jump to the initial selling price at the end of the sale.
```solidity
File: MinterContract.sol
540:        } else if (collectionPhases[_collectionId].salesOption == 2 && block.timestamp > collectionPhases[_collectionId].allowlistStartTime && block.timestamp < collectionPhases[_collectionId].publicEndTime){
```
That is when block.timestamp == collectionPhases[_collectionId].publicEndTime, an initial price, not a decreased price, is applied.

Here is the reproducing scenario.

Let suppose that total amount of tokens of a collection is 100, initial price is 1000, decrease rate is 30, timePeriod is one hour and sales period is one day.
The expected price at the end of sales is 1000 - 30 * 23 = 310.
A buyer attempts to buy token by calling the MinterContract.sol#mint function at just the end time of sales.
Because MinterContract.sol#getPrice jumps to 1000 at the end of sales, the buyer does not buy tokens or buys tokens at the high price of 1000 eth.

## Lines of code
https://github.com/code-423n4/2023-10-nextgen/blob/main/smart-contracts/MinterContract.sol#L540

## Tool used
Manual Review

## Recommended Mitigation Steps
In MinterContract.sol#L540 modify < with <= as follows.
```solidity
File: MinterContract.sol
540: -       } else if (collectionPhases[_collectionId].salesOption == 2 && block.timestamp > collectionPhases[_collectionId].allowlistStartTime && block.timestamp < collectionPhases[_collectionId].publicEndTime){
540: +       } else if (collectionPhases[_collectionId].salesOption == 2 && block.timestamp > collectionPhases[_collectionId].allowlistStartTime && block.timestamp <= collectionPhases[_collectionId].publicEndTime){
```