# Erroneous probability calculation in physical attributes can lead to significant issues
## Impact
To determine what physical attributes a user gets first we obtain a rarityRank which is computed from the DNA.

AiArenaHelper.sol#L106-L110
```solidity
                } else {
                    uint256 rarityRank = (dna / attributeToDnaDivisor[attributes[i]]) % 100;
                    uint256 attributeIndex = dnaToIndex(generation, rarityRank, attributes[i]);
                    finalAttributeProbabilityIndexes[i] = attributeIndex;
                }
```
Here since we use % 100 operation is used, the range of rarityRank would be [0,99]

This rarityRank is used in the dnaToIndex to determine the final attribute of the part.

AiArenaHelper.sol#L165-L186
```solidity
     /// @dev Convert DNA and rarity rank into an attribute probability index.
     /// @param attribute The attribute name.
     /// @param rarityRank The rarity rank.
     /// @return attributeProbabilityIndex attribute probability index.
    function dnaToIndex(uint256 generation, uint256 rarityRank, string memory attribute) 
        public 
        view 
        returns (uint256 attributeProbabilityIndex) 
    {
        uint8[] memory attrProbabilities = getAttributeProbabilities(generation, attribute);
        
        uint256 cumProb = 0;
        uint256 attrProbabilitiesLength = attrProbabilities.length;
        for (uint8 i = 0; i < attrProbabilitiesLength; i++) {
            cumProb += attrProbabilities[i];
            if (cumProb >= rarityRank) {
                attributeProbabilityIndex = i + 1;
                break;
            }
        }
        return attributeProbabilityIndex;
    }
```
There is however, a very subtle bug in the calculation above due to the use of cumProb >= rarityRank as opposed to cumProb > rarityRank

To explain the above, I will perform a calculation using a simple example. Let's say we only have 2 possible attributes and the attrProbabilities is [50, 50].

First iteration, when i = 0, we have cumProb = 50, for the if (cumProb >= rarityRank) to be entered the range of values rarityRank can be is [0, 50]. Therefore there is a 51% chance of obtaining this attribute

Next iteration, when i = 1, we have cumProb = 100, for the if (cumProb >= rarityRank) to be entered the range of values rarityRank can be is [51, 99]. Therefore there is a 49% chance of obtaining this attribute.

This means that for values in the first index, the probability is 1% greater than intended and for values in the last index the probability is 1% lesser than intended. This can be significant in certain cases, let us run through two of them.

Case 1: The first value in attrProbabilities is 1.
If the first value in attrProbabilities is 1. Let's say [1, 99].

Then in reality if we perform the calculation above we get the following results:

First iteration, when i = 0, we have cumProb = 1, for the if (cumProb >= rarityRank) to be entered the range of values rarityRank can be is [0, 1]. Therefore there is a 2% chance of obtaining this attribute

Next iteration, when i = 1, we have cumProb = 100, for the if (cumProb >= rarityRank) to be entered the range of values rarityRank can be is [2, 99]. Therefore there is a 98% chance of obtaining this attribute.

Then we have twice the chance of getting the rarer item, which would make it twice as common, thus devaluing it.

Case 2: The last value in attrProbabilities is 1.
If the last value in attrProbabilities is 1. Let's say [99, 1].

Then in reality if we perform the calculation above we get the following results:

First iteration, when i = 0, we have cumProb = 99, for the if (cumProb >= rarityRank) to be entered the range of values rarityRank can be is [0, 99]. Therefore we will always enter the if (cumProb >= rarityRank) block.
Then it would be impossible (0% chance) to obtain the 1% item.

## Lines of code
https://github.com/code-423n4/2024-02-ai-arena/blob/main/src/AiArenaHelper.sol#L180

## Tool used
Manual Review

## Recommended Mitigation Steps
It should be cumProb > rarityRank. Going back to our example of [50, 50], if it were cumProb > rarityRank. Then we will get the following results:

First iteration, when i = 0, we have cumProb = 50, for the if (cumProb > rarityRank) to be entered the range of values rarityRank can be is [0, 49]. Therefore there is a 50% chance of obtaining this attribute

Next iteration, when i = 1, we have cumProb = 100, for the if (cumProb > rarityRank) to be entered the range of values rarityRank can be is [50, 99]. Therefore there is a 50% chance of obtaining this attribute.

Thus the above recommended mitigation is correct.