# Since there is no penalty at cancel in auction, attacker can manipulate the price.
## Impact
At auction, token is sold at a very low price close to zero.
This is in fact the same as losing token.

## Proof of Concept
Any bidder can withdraw the bid without any restriction through AuctionDemo.sol#cancelBid function as follows.
```solidity
File: AuctionDemo.sol
124:    function cancelBid(uint256 _tokenid, uint256 index) public {
125:        require(block.timestamp <= minter.getAuctionEndTime(_tokenid), "Auction ended");
126:        require(auctionInfoData[_tokenid][index].bidder == msg.sender && auctionInfoData[_tokenid][index].status == true);
127:        auctionInfoData[_tokenid][index].status = false;
128:        (bool success, ) = payable(auctionInfoData[_tokenid][index].bidder).call{value: auctionInfoData[_tokenid][index].bid}("");
129:        emit CancelBid(msg.sender, _tokenid, index, success, auctionInfoData[_tokenid][index].bid);
130:    }
```
Therefore, the attacker makes a very low-price bid at the beginning of the auction and then registers a very high-price bid further, preventing other competitors from making a bid.
If a high-price bid is withdrawn just before the auction is over, the attacker can buy the token at a low price.

Here is the attacking scenario.

The manager starts auction for token and the estimated fair price of it is 100.
An attacker, on the beginning of the auction, registers the bid of price 1 (< 100) and the bid of price 10,000 ( > 100) in turn.
Other bidders give up participation because they have to enter the auction only at prices higher than 10,000, which are much higher than the fair price 100.
Just before the end of the auction deadline, the attacker withdraws the second bid at a price of 10,000.
After the auction deadline, the attacker buys a token at a price of 1.
The system (manager + creator) will suffer a loss of `100-1 = 99'.

## Lines of code
https://github.com/code-423n4/2023-10-nextgen/blob/main/smart-contracts/AuctionDemo.sol#L124-L130

## Tool used
Manual Review

## Recommended Mitigation Steps
Modify AuctionDemo.sol#cancelBid function and impose penalty on the highest-priced bidder (msg.sender == returnHighestBidder (_tokenid)).
Do not impose penalty when he is not the highest-priced bidder.