# Malicious lender can delete all lend offers.

## Summary
A malicious lender can exploit the the logical error in the lend offer deletion process to delete all active lend offers.

## Root Cause
- The [DebitaLendOfferFactory.deleteOrder()](https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2024-11-debita-finance-v3/blob/main/Debita-V3-Contracts/contracts/DebitaLendOfferFactory.sol#L207-L220) function doesn't delete the `isLendOrderLegit` flag.
- The [DLOImplementation.addFunds()](https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2024-11-debita-finance-v3/blob/main/Debita-V3-Contracts/contracts/DebitaLendOffer-Implementation.sol#L162-L176) function doesn't verify the `isActive` flag before allowing additional funds to be added to a lend offer.
- The [DebitaV3Aggregator.matchOffersV3()](https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2024-11-debita-finance-v3/blob/main/Debita-V3-Contracts/contracts/DebitaV3Aggregator.sol#L274-L647) function doesn't check `isActive` flag but only verify the `isLendOrderLegit` flag when processing lend offers.
- The [DLOImplementation.acceptLendingOffer()](https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2024-11-debita-finance-v3/blob/main/Debita-V3-Contracts/contracts/DebitaLendOffer-Implementation.sol#L109-L139) function doesn't check `isActive` flag but only verify the `availableAmount` value.

## Internal pre-conditions

## External pre-conditions

## Attack Path
1. A malicious lender creates a lend offer with `perpetual = false`.
2. The lend offer is fully matched with a borrow offer and is deleted from the list of active lend offers. The `isActive` flag of the lend offer is set to `false` and `availableAmount` decreases to zero. 
3. Assume that there are multiple active lend offers in the list.
4. The lender adds funds to the deleted lend offer by calling `DLOImplementation.addFunds()` to increase the `availableAmount` of the lend offer again to a non-zero value.
5. The lender fully matches the deleted lend offer to a new borrow offer by calling the `DebitaV3Aggregator.matchOffersV3()` function.
6. The `matchOffersV3()` function calls `DLOImplementation.acceptLendingOffer()`, which then calls `DebitaLendOfferFactory.deleteOrder()`.
7. Due to the logic error in the `deleteOrder()` function, the first active lend offer in the list is deleted.
8. The malicious lender repeats step 4 through 7 multiple times, deleting all active lend offers from the protocol.

## Impact
A malicious lender can delete all active lend offers, effectively disrupting the entire lending system and rendering the protocol useless.

## PoC
1. Step 3 of the attack path is possible because `DLOImplementation.addFunds()` doesn't check `isActive` flag.
2. Step 5 and is possible because `matchOffsetV3()` doesn't check the `isActive` flag but only verify the `isLendOrderLegit` flag.
3. Step 6 is possible because `acceptLendingOffer()` doesn't check the `isActive` flag but only verify the `availableAmount` value.
3. In step 7, the `DebitaLendOfferFactory.deleteOrder()` function contains the following logic:
```solidity
    function deleteOrder(address _lendOrder) external onlyLendOrder {
208:    uint index = LendOrderIndex[_lendOrder];
        LendOrderIndex[_lendOrder] = 0;

        // switch index of the last borrow order to the deleted borrow order
212:    allActiveLendOrders[index] = allActiveLendOrders[activeOrdersCount - 1];
213:    LendOrderIndex[allActiveLendOrders[activeOrdersCount - 1]] = index;

        // take out last borrow order

217:    allActiveLendOrders[activeOrdersCount - 1] = address(0);

219:    activeOrdersCount--;
    }
```
Since the `_lendOrder` has already been deleted, `index` will be `0` in `L208`. As a result, in `L212-L213`, the first lend offer (at index `0`) will be overwritten by the last lend offer (at index `activeOrdersCount - 1`). Finally, in `L217-L219`, the `activeOrdersCount` decreases by `1`, effectively deleting the first lend offer from the list, regardless of the state of `_lendOrder`. 

## Mitigation
Add the check for the `isActive` flag in both the `DLOImplementation.addFunds()` and `DLOImplementation.acceptLendingOffer()` functions to prevent inactive lend offers from being manipulated or matched.
